curation of the covid-19 topic (#1421)
github/explore: topics/covid-19/index.md

---
aliases: covid-19, covid19
created_by: github
display_name: COVID-19
github_url: https://github.com/topics/covid-19
logo: covid19.png
released: December 31, 2019

> short_description: Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is an infectious disease caused by a new virus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
short_description: The Novel Coronavirus of 2019 (nCOVID-19) is an infectious disease caused by a new virus.
```

topic: covid-19
url: https://www.who.int/emergencies/diseases/novel-coronavirus-2019/events-as-they-happen
wikipedia_url: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coronavirus_disease_2019
---

> Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is an infectious disease caused by a new virus. This topic is associated with repositorys that contain code focused around research and awareness of the virus. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Novel Coronavirus of 2019 (nCOVID-19) is an infectious disease caused by a new virus. This topic is associated with repositories that contain code focused around research and awareness of the virus. 
```
